# CaDataExploration
My exploration on Ca Data (classify wake and sleep states)

## DMD
### dmd.py
My implementation of dmd.

### svd_test.py
Tuning my dmd on different ranks.
Tuning svd on n_iters and n_oversamples.

### power_svd.py
My version of SVD using power iteration.

## Classifying Sleep and Wake States
### classify_state.py
The main methods I used to classify sleep and wake states.
This file includes my first attempt on choosing model, grid search over svm with rbf kernel, trying xgboost and kernel pca.

### classify_sequence.py
The difference between this file and classify_state.py is that classify_state uses only one frame whereas in this file I'm using multiple frames stacked together.

### classify_change.py
This file trains the loaded data with over 10 different models in order to choose a best model. Instead of classify state directly, it trains to classify whether the state would change.

### ca_data_utils.py
Wrapper functions to load different kinds of data

#### make_pics.py
generates pictures and videos given my result files

## Auto Correlation
This part includes my attempts of training the new data I generated using autocorrelation. It's not making progress. 

The new data is generated by calculating the autocorrelation of each pixel with a length and lag.

For example, with length = l, lag = g, using originalData[i, j], I take originalData[i : i+l] as a new series. Then I calculate the autocorrelation of this series with lag = [1, g]. This autocorrelations are my new data.

#### autocorrelation.py
generates the new data for autocorrelation, perform some training with different models.

